Recommend users to not use the country and territory autocomplete (#127)
alphagov/govuk-country-and-territory-autocomplete: README.md

> > [!IMPORTANT]  
> > It is not recommended you use the GOV.UK country and territory autocomplete. This is because:
> > 
> > - It is not actively maintained and will only be updated to address serious security issues. See the Support section below
> > - It is highly likely that the country and territory data provided by this component is out of date as [the Openregister picker engine](https://github.com/alphagov/openregister-picker-engine), used to retrieve the country and territory data, has been archived
> >
> > The GOV.UK Design System Team are planning to retire this component in the future.

Reviewer: Suggested edit for style, also tried to front-load the message to make it more obvious.

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> **The GOV.UK country and territory autocomplete is no longer actively maintained.**
>
>  It's recommended that you do not use this component, as:
> - it's only updated to address serious security issues – see the Support section for more information
> - it's highly likely that the country and territory data provided by this component is out of date – the [Openregister picker engine](https://github.com/alphagov/openregister-picker-engine), used to retrieve the country and territory data, is now archived
>
> The GOV.UK Design System Team plan to retire this component in the future.
```

> > [!IMPORTANT]  
> > **The GOV.UK country and territory autocomplete is no longer actively maintained.**
> >
> >  It's recommended that you do not use this component, as:
> > - it's only updated to address serious security issues – see the Support section for more information
> > - it's highly likely that the country and territory data provided by this component is out of date – the [Openregister picker engine](https://github.com/alphagov/openregister-picker-engine), used to retrieve the country and territory data, is now archived
> >
> > The GOV.UK Design System Team plan to retire this component in the future.
> >
> > If you have a user need for a country and territory autocomplete or something resembling this component, we recommend using the [Accessible Autocomplete](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete) with [FCDO's geographical names index](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/geographical-names-and-information) as a data source. Please note that this alternative hasn't been fully verified by the Design System team. We will be working on a more cohesive position on accommodating the needs met by this component in the future, during the retiring process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> **The GOV.UK country and territory autocomplete is no longer actively maintained.**
>
>  It's recommended that you do not use this component, as:
> - it's only updated to address serious security issues – see the Support section for more information
> - it's highly likely that the country and territory data provided by this component is out of date – the [Openregister picker engine](https://github.com/alphagov/openregister-picker-engine), used to retrieve the country and territory data, is now archived
>
> The GOV.UK Design System Team plan to retire this component in the future.

> As an alternative, [The Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) maintains a list of approved British English-language names for countries and territories](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/geographical-names-and-information), which could be combined with the [Accessible autocomplete component](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete).

The Design System has not fully verified the combination of these 2 resources. We plan to make a recommendation for service teams in the future as part of retiring the GOV.UK country and territory autocomplete component.
```
